Clarify how to generate All.sln file in contributing guide (#4876)
ChilliCream/hotchocolate: CONTRIBUTING.md

To work on Hot Chocolate, you will need .NET 6, Node 14, and Yarn 1.x.

> After cloning the repository, run `init.sh` or `init.cmd`, which are located in the repository's root. The `build.ps1`, `build.cmd` or `build.sh` script files will create the `src/All.sln`, which can be used to develop in Visual Studio 2022 and higher or Rider 2021.3 EAP or higher.  It will also restore the packages for the documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After cloning the repository, run `init.sh` or `init.cmd`, which are located in the repository's root. The command `build.ps1 Restore`, `build.cmd Restore` or `build.sh Restore` will create the `src/All.sln`, which can be used to develop in Visual Studio 2022 and higher or Rider 2021.3 or higher. It will also restore the packages for the documentation.
```
